1. open your folder in VS Code.
2. open terminal (ctrl+shift+`).
3. npm init
When you will apply npm init, then there will show some options, you should select 
    i. entry point: server.js
    ii. author name: first_name last_name
4. npm install express
5. npm install dotenv (for environment variable)
6. npm install nodemon (for auto server restart)
7. create .env file at root directory (inside the project folder by clicking +New File) and type PORT=8080 in it using VSC.
10. create .gitignore file at root directory and type node_modules and .env in it in two separate lines.
11. create a new file at root directory: server.js in the same way by clicking on the +File symbol.
12. setup express app and server:
    i. Open the server.js file and setup routes
14. create public and views folder and create all html files in views folder.
15. all static files (css, js, images, assets) should be inside public folder.
16. open package.json file and under scripts section, write: "start": "nodemon server.js" in place of "start": test
17. go to terminal and type: npm i (if node_modules folder inside the root directory does not exist), then type npm start
18. go to a browser and open url: "http://localhost:8080/" to test your local server, and you will see your web page on the screen.
19. In this way, after successful server setup, push it to your github:
    i. Go to the soure control menue in VS Code on the left side of the toolbars
    ii. Clik on Initialize Repository
    iii. Type Initial Commit inside the message box.
    iv. Click on the Commit button
    v. Select yes, in the pop up menue.
    vi. Select Publish and choose Private or Public as you like
    vii. Click on the Push button
20. Finally, deploy the project to render and you will get a public url that you can share:
   i. Goto render Dashboard
   ii. Click on the New button
   iii. Select Web Services
   iv. Select your targeted Repository (e.g., ProfAktar/iu_csi_assignment_1)
   v. you can change the name of web service
   vi. Select free option
   vii. Goto VS Code and open the .env file
   viii. Copy the contents of .env file and paste it in the Environemnt variable field in Render
   ix. Now Click on deploy Web Service 
   x. Now copy the link of the web service and share